[release-v2.0] [DOC] Added TraceQL video (#2168)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/traceql/_index.md

- Span and resource attributes, timing, and duration
- Basic aggregates: `count()` and `avg()`

> Read Mary Disibio's blog post, "[Get to know TraceQL](https://grafana.com/blog/2023/02/07/get-to-know-traceql-a-powerful-new-query-language-for-distributed-tracing/)," for an introduction to TraceQL and its capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the blog post, "[Get to know TraceQL](https://grafana.com/blog/2023/02/07/get-to-know-traceql-a-powerful-new-query-language-for-distributed-tracing/)," for an introduction to TraceQL and its capabilities.
```
